Welcome to the future.

What does that mean? Well, we've got a whole lot of new features, and the user interface was somewhat “rewritten” to be Less Retarded™.

If you are having a problem that causes the script to not work (this is not uncommon), don't hesitate to ask about it. If you think it's something that needs to be fixed, you should provide me with a copy of a) the full subtitle lines you're trying to apply the data to, and b) the tracking data itself. A list of the options you are using, and a description of the error would be nice as well.

I am (normally) available as torque @ rizon.

Unfinished features:
*Exporting your data for graphing with gnuplot (need to test with non-720p resolutions and finish writing the gnuplot command)
*Different organization of tracked lines (sorting by frame suggested by tophf)
*Writing config file to disk
*The "cut scene for mocha" macro involves a lot of filesystem operations, and is completely untested on linux/OS X. Use at your own risk (or give me feedback if it doesn't work right~).

Newly “Implemented” features (mostly tested and mostly working):
*Clicking on the labels next to checkboxes now checks the checkboxes! Much less mouse-eye coordination required! Great for those of you with Parkinson's Disease!
*Linear output! For when you don't see a good reason to make a sign span 400 lines in your script when the same effect can be achieved in one line!
*Cleaner output, probably! Removal of redundant tags and finished transforms from tracked lines. (planning to expand on this a bit)
*No more mutilation of \clip!
*Information gathering made into a more distributed clusterfuck!
*A slightly larger memory footprint!
*Progress bars! Bitches love progress bars, right? (Even better, they're actually worthless and typically move too fast to be noticed (unless you have logging on)).
*Move \i?clip() with position—does ''not'' scale (subject to change) (suggested by tophf)
*Possibly fixed rotation handling maybe! (Actually I did a few more tests and the rotation seems okay? I'd need proof otherwise, at least.)
*Gathers default position via karaskel so \pos is no longer necessary (but still recommended).
*Automagically trim and encode video clip for mocha (suggested by tp7).
*Along with that, an option to turn off the gui for the clip encoding, to make it go faster (only works with trunk).
*Automagic “Upscaling” or “downscaling” of the tracking data to match the script header resolution (no more warnings about this; assumes a PAR of 1)
*Separation of \frz and \org handling
*Spits out “memory usage” (which seems to be somewhat arbitrary) if your log level is high enough (Still haven't figured out the cause of the “out of memory” runtime error).
*No longer comments lines out when canceled.

The current version seems to work for most things.